track bb_chicmaxima_FB2
bigDataUrl FB2_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel FB2_chicmaxima
longLabel FB2_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

track bb_chicmaxima_FL2
bigDataUrl FL2_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel FL2_chicmaxima
longLabel FL2_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

track bb_chicmaxima_HL3
bigDataUrl HL3_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel HL3_chicmaxima
longLabel HL3_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

track bb_chicmaxima_HRT3
bigDataUrl HRT3_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel HRT3_chicmaxima
longLabel HRT3_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

track bb_chicmaxima_LV3
bigDataUrl LV3_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel LV3_chicmaxima
longLabel LV3_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

track bb_chicmaxima_MB2
bigDataUrl MB2_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel MB2_chicmaxima
longLabel MB2_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

track bb_chicmaxima_NT2
bigDataUrl NT2_chicmaxima.bb
shortLabel NT2_chicmaxima
longLabel NT2_chicmaxima
type bigBed
visibility full

